hi this is iris here in the design
center and I wanted to show you how to
put two sheets of clay together and
avoid air bubbles because air bubbles
are not our friend it's always easiest
to do it with thicker pieces of clay
that are smaller we'll try and work up
to some really big pieces and see what
happens there what I do is I put the
piece of clay the top piece of clay
right on the end and I hold up this the
one end of it whether you're righty or
lefty and then I take my hand and I
guide the clay down and Sheen it along
to avoid any air getting locked in there
that looks pretty good
then I just take my acrylic roller and
go over it so that's good to go so as I
said it's a little easier when there are
thicker pieces of clay now I'm going to
try thinner pieces of clay that are a
little larger I think this was rolled
out on a number four and I have another
one afterwards that's rolled out on
number six I do the same method I put
the clay down on one end so it's on
there pretty secure but I keep holding
this end up if you start to do this and
it's crooked just go with the crooked
because taking it apart just makes four
problems so here I am I'm just rolling
it along inching along with my hands
okay have a lot of fingerprints but I
don't think I have any air bubbles I do
have some air bubbles I have one right
there and if you just work toward the
air bubble toward the edge you should be
able to get it out there we go okay so
that's together and now we are going to
try one that's a large the largest piece
that I have here these are on I think
between a five and a six I'm sorry I
didn't pay attention to that okay um
another thing to know is when you put
the first piece of clay down to try not
to have any air bubbles in that piece of
clay and I'm working on a board so when
I go to lift the clay off it doesn't
stick so once again I'm holding the top
sheet up just working now this one's
going a little crooked so you'll be able
to see that didn't do it and I have an
air bubble right there so I'm going to
just work it out
and that's it I say put two sheets of
paper two pieces of clay together
without any air balls I do want to
mention I'm wearing a great pin created
by Ranma hockey his heart project for
the benefit of the Kentucky Children's
Center and I'm also wearing I'm hoping
Stephanie will be able to get a shot of
these some fantastic earrings that were
created by and Dylan see you next time